---
title: "Weekly Contributor Meeting Notes"
date: 2025-02-18    
description: "Exploring emergent behaviors in the plugin ecosystem, standardizing plugin naming conventions, and discussions on Linea blockchain integration and V2 plugin management improvements."
---

# Weekly Contributor Meeting Notes

(February 18, 2025 4:00 PM PST)

**Emergent Behaviors: Evolving the Plugin Ecosystem**


## Summary

**Discussion on Linea and Agents:**

*   A question is posed about Linea blockchain, revealing most participants are unfamiliar with it.
*   A speaker (likely a lead/organizer named Shaw) discusses a meeting with Joe Lubin (ConsenSys/MetaMask/Ethereum) and the Linea blockchain.
*   Linea is described as having fast transaction settlement and using Ethereum as a settlement layer.  It's noted, however, that Linea suffers from a lack of awareness.
*   Joe Lubin is described as being "pro-agent" and interested in pushing the boundaries of AI into sci-fi territory.

**Meeting Logistics & Github Issues:**

*   Discussion of a broken link to the meeting in the GitHub contributor's voice chat event, stemming from a deleted channel. Plans are made to fix the link and potentially recreate a voice chat channel, keeping in mind the desire to minimize the number of channels.
*   Discussion about standardizing Plugin names.

**Plugin Discussions (Key Focus):**

*   Discussion of a pull request where someone used their own organization name in a plugin name instead of the standard "elizaOS" prefix.  This sparks discussion about allowing flexibility in plugin naming and the implications for the installer tools and plugin registry.
*   Upstreet deleted a lot of plug ins from the registry.
*   Talk about the need for an automated tool (likely integrated into the V2 CLI) to check plugin formatting and consistency before merging PRs.

**Queso's Questions and Emergent Behavior:**

*   Queso asks about the definition of a "plugin":  Is it *only* for connecting to new services (like Solana or Twitter), or can it be used to combine existing plugins to create new, complex behaviors?  Specifically, they want to build an agent/plugin for DAO interactions that uses existing plugins.
*   This leads to a discussion about "emergent behavior" â€“ combining plugins in ways not explicitly designed to achieve new functionalities.
*   The response is that creating a plugin for Queso's DAO liaison functionality is appropriate and encouraged.  It doesn't necessarily need a new *connector* but can define a sequence of actions and evaluators using existing functionalities.
*    Queso is also working on something that rates proposals, and synthesize governance proposals
*   Shaw expresses strong interest in Queso's work, as it aligns with his current work on "Swarm" functionality (likely a multi-agent system).

**Extended Discussion**

*   **Cloudflare AI Gateway Issue:** Cipher raises a concern about the Cloudflare AI Gateway plugin not passing a bearer token for authentication.  This is a pressing issue because it relates to metering and tracing usage.
*   **Runtime Discussion (Bun vs. Node.js):**  They discuss the runtime environment (Node.js vs. Bun) and the potential migration to Bun in V2. They talk about the advantages of Bun (native features, reduced dependencies) and its interoperability with Node.js.
*   **Dependency Management (Axios vs. Fetch):**  They discuss the use of Axios (a popular HTTP client) versus the built-in `fetch` API. Concerns are raised about a bug in Axios, and the advantages of `fetch` (especially in TypeScript) and Undici are mentioned.
*   **Plugin Structure and Starter Issues:**  Cipher describes their approach to working with plugins: stripping them down to their core components and managing dependencies from a central point. This relates to past issues with the `elizaOS-starter` repository diverging from the main branch and becoming difficult to maintain.
*   **V2 Plugin Management:** The upcoming V2 plugin management system is described.  It will involve a CLI tool to list, add, and manage plugins from a registry, making the core repository "pluginless" by default.
*   **Documentation and Automation:**  They discuss the state of the documentation (which is acknowledged as lagging behind development) and the need for automation, including testing and documentation generation for plugins.
*   **Code Analysis Tools:** Phlo and another participant share tools for analyzing codebases and making them LLM-friendly (RepoMix, Get Ingest/uithub.com).
*   **Ollama and Local Development:**  A contributor mentions using Ollama (a local LLM) for development to avoid burning through API credits.  They also discuss Cloudflare Workers AI as an alternative.
*   **Videos:** Making new tutorial videos is discussed
*   **Plugin Showcase:** Starting a plugin showcase where developers can present their built
*   **Community Engagement:**  The importance of the Discord community for communication and support is highlighted. The discussion touches on the current market downturn and how it impacts community activity.
*   **Browser Compatibility:** The desire to explore browser compatibility for ElizaOS is mentioned, along with challenges related to using Python-based tools like `browser` in a JavaScript environment.
*   **Playwright, Puppeteer, Selenium:** Discussion of browser automation tools (Playwright, Puppeteer, Selenium) and their limitations in JavaScript compared to languages like Rust or Python.
*   **AI Pmarca:** Discussion about the Pmarca project, which is launching soon.
*   **RAG Knowledge implementation:** Final discussion about troubleshooting and testing RAG
